25보라 내가 여러분 중에 왕래하며 하나님의 나라를 전파아였으나 이제는 여러부이 다내 얼굴을 다시 보지 못할줄 아노라
26 그러므로 오늘 여러분에게 증언하거니와 모든 사람의 피에 대하여 내가 깨끗하니 
27 이는 내가 꺼리지 않고 하나님의 뜻을 다 여러분에게 전하였음이라 
28 여러분은 자기를 위하여 또는 온 양 떼를 위하여 삼가라 성령이 그들 가운데 여러분을 감독자로 삼고 하나님이 지기 피로 사신 교회를 보살피게 하셨느라 


continuing from yesterdays passage paul says that he wont be able to see them again and says good bye. 

one of the things that he said that caught my eye was the fact that 성도의 말씀 will bring about a balance in your life, through lies and chaos.
i particularly felt this while working. i talked about this last week during our meeting but i feel that when i was working a 9-5 job, i was definitely 
moving away from god towards living a selfish, self-centered life where i only focused on my career not what was actually important to my life. 

i learned this at my grandfathers funeral. as soon as i started working, i think god knew that i would not realize how important family is unless one was taken
away from me. and he was right. through his absence, i truly felt that money isnt worth living for. true blessing comes from sharing happiness with the people
that you care about and love. i think that paul also felt this way which is why he gave this sincere heartfelt talk -- leaving his "whole teaching" to the people that he cares about. 

im definitely not a person who can teach other people of anything at the moment. ever since wanting to join the church i felt uncertain about everything. 
what i am certain about is that going to church, praying, and having good people around me has changed my mindset in life for the better. 




pauls sense of responsibility towards spreading the gospel oozes through his words. he knows that he wont be able to see the elders from 에베소 again and says his last words
he also emphasizes that the elders must watch over the sheep flock as the church was built using gods blood. the sheep, representing us -- the people, are indeed 
easy to steer the other way. as weve seen from his interaction with people from 에베소 they were causing riots and mayhem to stop paul from spreading gospel. he says that
wolves will rise among the sheep which can cause an entire flock of sleep to steer the other way, steer away from truth. not only does paul wants to complete his own mission
he seems to also warn the elders of what to expect in the future that will certainly happen. because he has been through so much experience, it makes me believe
what his saying will come true as if he was predicting the future itself. 

one of the things that he said that caught my eye was the fact that 성도의 말씀 will bring about a balance in your life, through lies and chaos.
i particularly felt this while working. i talked about this last week during our meeting but i feel that when i was working a 9-5 job, i was definitely 
moving away from god towards living a selfish, self-centered life where i only focused on my career not what was actually important to my life. 

the centerpoint of his story is him relaying the words of jesus back to the elders telling them that "it is more blessed to give than to receive"
pauls journey, reputation, and his words prove this to be true. its important to grow as an individual and to learn about jesus and his life to improve your mindset.
the text today highlights that it is more important to give these "whole" teachings than to receive. i felt like reading the past qt passages made me reflect on myself
but pauls wisdom today says that you must go beyond self reflection and think about others how you can share teach your blessings to other people. for me, from the fact that merely reading his words from text made me feel pauls sincerity, tells me how much he believed this giving him a lot of authority and back behind his words.

even though we will never know paul personally, i really felt pauls sincerity through his last words as if he was my own blood related family. 


바울이 복음을 전하려는 책임감은 그의 말 속에서 강하게 느꼈습니다. 그는 에베소의 장로들을 다시는 볼 수 없다는 것을 알고 마지막 인사를 전합니다.
그리고, 장로들에게 교회는 하나님의 피로 세워졌기 때문에 잘 지켜야한다고 말씀하시고
양떼는 우리 성도들을 상징하는데 우리는 너무나 쉽게 다른 길로 빠질 수 있는 존재라고도 말씀하십니다.
이번주에 읽은 글에서 에베소에서 바울이 겪었던 일처럼 사람들은 복음이 퍼지는 것을 막기 위해 폭동을 일으키기도 했습니다.
바울은 양들 사이에서 늑대같은 존재가 일어날 것이라고 경고하시고, 그 는대는 양떼 전체를 진리에서 멀어지게 만들 수도 있다고 전합니다.
바울은 자신의 사명을 완수하려는 마음뿐만 아니라, 장로들에게 앞으로 일어날 일들을 미리 경고하며 대비하라고 말하고 있습니다.
그가 워낙 많은 경험을 했기에 그의 말은 저에게는 마치 미래를 예언하는 것처럼 들렸습니다다

그가 한 말 중에 특히 마음에 남았던 부분은 “성도의 말씀은 혼란과 거짓 속에서도 우리의 삶에 균형을 가져다준다”라는 내용이었습니다.
저는 이 부분이 개인적으로 크게 와닿았습니다. 지난주 모임 때도 이야기했지만, 회사에서 9시부터 5시까지 일하던 시절에는 점점 하나님과 멀어지고,
내 커리어와 성공만을 바라보며 이기적이고 자기중심적인 삶을 살고 있었습니다.

바울의 이야기에서 중심이 되는 부분은 예수님의 말씀을 장로들에게 전하는 것입니다.
예수님께서 말씀하신 “주는 것이 받는 것보다 복이 있다”는 그 한마디가 핵심이다 라고 생각했습니다.
바울의 여정과 명성, 그리고 그의 모든 말들이 이 진리를 증명하고 있습니다.
우리의 삶에서 성장하고 예수님의 삶을 배우는 것은 중요하지만, 오늘의 말씀은 단순히 ‘자기 성찰’에 그치는 것이 아니라
그 배운 것을 다른 사람에게 나누고 전해야 한다는 것을 강조합니다.

저는 단지 바울의 글을 읽는 것만으로도 그의 진심이 느껴지고 그가 얼마나 깊은 믿음을 가지고 있었는지, 그리고 그 믿음이 그의 말에 얼마나 큰 힘과 권위를 주었는지를 느낄 수 있었습니다. 이번 주에 읽은 모든 말씀들처럼, 이 말씀도 저를 깊이 겸손하게 만들었고, 언젠가 바울처럼 훌륭한 리더가 되려면 어떻게 살아야 할지 깊이 생각하게 되었습니다.


진정섬과 영감 